spew.v
s act. 
Dr. Nick vomited puke across the table.
Patients need to void their bladder completely before surgery
Pat threw the china at the wall.
We pushed the cart around, gleeful.
s bodypart, or some kind of device.  
We shoved half of the cargo overboard on the 29th.
I pushed the trolley along the street.
Kim pushed the lawnmower around the garden.
The fireman dragged the injured driver clear
Kim threw the cat into the garden.
Pat dragged the box out of the cupboard.
The horse pitched the rider on his head
The storm tossed the sailor from the boat
Pat threw the Javelin 50 meters.
Paul pulled Fran upright from her sitting position.
The balloon floated for  hours.
Johnny went to Langley  to turn himself in.
The explosion made me move in a hurry.
The feathers floated together on the water
A radioactive cloud drifted across Britain after the fire at the Windscale nuclear factory.
The ash cloud drifted at twenty-five kilometres per hour.
Pluto has moved fullyinto Sagittarius
They drifted in circles for weeks before rescue .
Jo moved past Dad into the hall.
s movement takes place without a specified Path.  
The car moved into the slow lane.
The policeman moved away from the door.
The nest blew from its tree in a gale.
A naval airship drifted wildy in the stormy sea.
The twig floated atop the water for about 100 yards.
The waiter removed the dishes from the table.
Pat removed the jam from the fridge along with the cheese.
The waiter removed the dishes from the table. 
The raging fire quickly emptied the square of all people.
Magnetic storms on the sun sometimes eject hot gas from beneath the surface.
You
The army evacuated the townspeople through the tunnel. 
The army evacuated the townspeople efficiently
in
by
Weevacuated the population by helicopter.
That year they drained the swamp-water out of Higgs
Grandmother removed the fine china to a safe place.
John withdrew the gun a few feet.
With a laugh, she tore a page from his diary.
The waiter cleared the dishes from the table.
The waiter cleared the table of dishes.
The plumber drained the water from the sink.
The plumber drained  the sink of water.
The gardener emptied the soil from the bucket.
The gardener emptied the bucket of soil.
The army evacuated the people from the town.
The army evacuated the town.
You just take the dishes and rinse them in the kitchen, okay?
