Pat jerked her head at the sudden noise.

Kim

Cause does not include any physical force moving the Agent

The boy swung his legs.

In a bid to reenter the conversation , he kept waving his hand towards the rest of them.

Pat dropped her hands to her lap.

They bobbed their heads to the beat.

Pat waved her arms about her head.

He winked his eye to give her a hint

Pat fluttered his eyelashes at me.

It seemed like we were clapping our hands for hours.

s mental or emotional state. Internal_cause is expressed in a PP Complement.

Pat flung his arms up.

There was singing for joy in the streets, and everywhere people lifting their arms into the air.

Pat yawned (*his mouth).

Pat nodded (his head).

Pat waved (his arms).

Pat rolled his eyes.

He clapped his loudest clap

The boy swung his legs from under the table.

He bent his legs at his knees

A brief smile appeared on his face

s mental or emotional state.  Internal_cause is expressed in a PP Complement as in:

The smile on her face was repayment enough.

Ryan grinned.

He had an angry expression.

He gave a wide grin.

I made a grimace at her clumsiness.

The twig floated atop the water for about 100 yards.

The car moved into the slow lane.

Jo moved past Dad into the hall.

A naval airship drifted wildy in the stormy sea.

The balloon floated for  hours.

s movement takes place without a specified Path.  

They drifted in circles for weeks before rescue .

The policeman moved away from the door.

The feathers floated together on the water

A radioactive cloud drifted across Britain after the fire at the Windscale nuclear factory.

The explosion made me move in a hurry.

The nest blew from its tree in a gale.

The ash cloud drifted at twenty-five kilometres per hour.

Johnny went to Langley  to turn himself in.

Pluto has moved fullyinto Sagittarius

upper arm

lower back

left leg

hind foot

second finger

front wings

Kim has beautiful eyes.

His trembling hands….

the fingers of her left hand

the fin on its back

the dorsal fin

Why don

He smiled up at me from the bottom of the well.

Evelyn reported to me about what happened.

Evelyn spoke to me about what happened.

A further biography Shadowland by William Arnold, published in 1978, asserted for the first time that Farmer had been the subject of a transorbital lobotomy

He wrote in bitterness of the treatment the Malloreans had given him.

Kim preached to me over the phone.

The New Year address was well received.

Much would be achieved if these were more widely acknowledged.

In some remarks at the National Press Club, Mr. Keating said he would make a better prime minister tha nMr. Hawke.

Evelyn spoke feelingly about what happened.

Evelyn made a persuasive statement.

Evelyn

Evelyn spoke candidly about her past.

The teacher mentioned the recent campus incidents.

Bilio commented on the paper by scrawling innumerable post-its in a range of colors and sticking them all over it.

Let

Evelyn said that she was not ready to leave.

Evelyn reported the whole incident.

I barely hobbled six feet before collapsing.

We hiked a short distance into the forest and sat down.

The children skipped into the park.

The principal walked over and sat down.

A dog ran up and licked our hands.

The cat ran out of the house.

The cat ran out.

The cat ran away.

The cat ran off.

You should walk south about a block .

The mouse scurried about.

Stop running around the room and sit down!

They danced at the sound of her voice.

We wandered around naked.

The hitchhikers walked in the middle of the road.

John walked with her every day to relieve the boredom.

The scouts hiked through the desert.

The scouts hiked along the river.

We slithered smoothly through the crowd.

They had to trek on foot through the desert.

Fred crawled the narrow passage.

He walked back to the village by dragging his mangled foot behind.

We clomped down to the shore with a whole troop of younglings.

I had little hope of catching up, but I crawled after her as fast as I could.

The troops marching in front of him paid no attention to the beggar by the roadside.
